The party wakes up after an intense day of getting bombarded with deals that could very well define the rest of their lives, and with such short notice some slight hostility has grown between the party members for wanting to side with opposing forces. 

It is a cold and cloudy morning, in fact, the first morning of winter. This adventure started all the way back in summer, and with the amount of roadblocks the party had seen time went by fast. The first snowflakes are falling from the skies and melting on the ground. Outside it's not that busy yet, people want to stay nice and warm inside.

The tavern employees are busy doing their thing cleaning the bar and serving coffee to Brok, Sindri and the slimes working in the basement. There aren't any costumers in at this time, after all.

Looking around, you notice that 2 people are missing... Cedric's parents.


Brok and Sindri know what day it is today, they have heard so much talk from the party the last few days. They walk up to the party to say a few words:

"Good morning all, I know whats on the table for today and I'd like to say a few words if you wouldn't mind. I know that today could very well be the end of the long adventure you went on. Whilst you've only been with each other for a few months, it feels like you've known each other for at least a year, thats camaraderie you don't see often. Obviously I know what's at stake, not just vault-wise but that you each probably have something you want to go for. Whilst me and my brother are agents of Lord Neverember, we wanted to let you know that we're hereby putting our faith in you. Like you, we've never actually known the contents of the vault that we needed to protect for our late master, but we did know him, and as a group you've done things for this city that he would be proud of to say the least. We want you to continue his legacy, and using the contents of the vault for what you think would be right. Perhaps the vault holds the answers to his motives as well for setting up his elaborate vault. We would like to wish you good luck, and may Tyr help you in doing the right thing."


RP maybe a little bit.


IF ANY OF THE PLAYERS WANT TO DO ANYTHING PREP WISE DO IT NOW.

Otherwise the players will go [[1. Onwards to the vault]] 