### City of the dead

The players find themselves at the outer gate of the city of the dead. The snowfall has started to increase and streets are still very silent for this time of day, with only the occasional merchant transporting cargo or citizen getting their groceries. The stone of Golorr has pointed the way to the vault and it seems it's not that far from the northern entrance to the city of the dead. The entrance to the vault seems to be in a catacomb close to the outer edge of the city.

The city of the dead is even more silent than Waterdeep, only a few people can be seen walking around, either mourning their lost loved ones or tending to the graves. Noticeably enough, there aren't any signs of Xanathar nor the city.


### Entrance to the catacombs
The party arrives at an older decrepit family tomb, the name displayed above reads "Whiterun", possibly a decoy name. The only entrance to the catacombs is a rotten wooden door, but it's unlocked.
When walking in the catacomb you get more feeling for the place, it's filled with cobwebs and dust, as if no-one has been here for at least a decade. In front of you are stairs going about 30 feet straight down, a bit uncommon for a tomb, but not rare. 
Arriving down the stairs it's pitch black, with the light from the upstairs door not being able to reach all the way down. People without darkvision cannot see. People with darkvision can look at the interior of the place, it's a crossroads, with one of the four possible ways being the stairs going upwards. 

The people with darkvision can see unlit candles on stands every few feet next to the walls. The floors have multiple pots and urns scattered around and the walls are lined with either caskets or skeletons laying on shelves. It looks like none of the urns or caskets contain any valuables, and with how decrepit the entryway was, the entire catacomb has probably already been ransacked. 

Each step taken causes dust to be kicked into the air, the air is hard to breathe and the party has a constant sense of needing to sneeze due to it.

The stone has told the party the location of it's slot, to the right, going towards the center of the city.

As the party manouvres their way past a couple of the shelves the stone begins to vibrate, getting more intense nearning a specific corpse. There, behind an old skull, a slot in the wall perfectly sized for the skull presents itself.

When holding the stone near the slot, it begins to magnetically attract towards the slot, wanting to insert itself. 

Upon being inserted the wall directly to their back begins to lower down, showing a new passageway with a set of stairs going down. The stone falls out of its slot and can be picked up again. Once everyone enters the new passageway the wall behind them comes up again, sealing them in.

The stairs lead down a further 100 feet, and come up towards a small but tall hallway with 20 foot high doors waiting on the party. 
If the party has the stone, a voice rings in their ears saying "OPEN SESAME", otherwise the door just automatically opens once they are standing in front of the vault.

[[2. Inside of the vault]] 