As the party enters the vault the magic users feel that they entered a bubble as it was, feeling cut off from the outside world. Any magic that is used to communicate cannot reach creatures outside of the vault complex, teleporting also does not work.

A loud voice booms throughout the vault, it is of an older gentleman speaking in a regal tone: "Intruders of the vault, for the sake of Waterdeep and it's citizens, please leave and forget this place ever existed!"

Once the players have decided to stay in the vault the 2nd door closes behind them, locking them in.

### The vault
The vault is dressed from the inside with mortared stone, walls are high and engraved with images of life in waterdeep. Everything is still very dark and this time no candles are present to see in the dark.

##### V2 - Vault Foyer
The main foyer is quite empty with items. But vertically a very tall room.
3 main pillars go around 60 feet upward, holding crumbling stone bridges in place, another 20 feet above that a ceiling is present.

The rest of the room is lined with twelve sets of double iron doors, all of them refuse to budge except for the ones leading toward V3.

##### V3 - Stairs and Fresco
The southern portion of the room has a staircase going around 60 feet upwards towards V4.

The northern part of the room contains a painting depicting a set of heroically dressed dwarves battling some goblins.
One of the dwarves holds a scroll, the other a hammer, and the last one sets the goblins ablaze. A really high religion check can identify the dwarves as Dumathion, Moradin and Gorm Gulthyn. Dwarven gods.

##### V4 - Hall of Moradin
**The hall**
3 Large pillars running the length of the hallway are carved to resemble warhammers, with their square heads pressed against the floor.
The west wall bears a cracked mosaic that depicts a dwarven smith at a forge, crafting dwarves out of a black metal and diamonds.
Three archways in the east wall lead to crumbling bridges that span above the entrance foyer and end in adamantine doors.

A player investigating the western wall will find the secret door with a good enough investigation check. The door is quite heavy to open but with a good enough solution it's possible.


**The bridges**
The bridges span above the entrance foyer and lead to 3 identical adamantine doors. These doors are tough to move and don't move that easily. A reasonable strength based solution to opening the doors with a good dc will suffice to open.

The bridges are crumbling and structurally not intact, if the bridges hold 150+ pounds at once the people standing on them need to save a DC 15 dex saving throw or fall 60 feet to the ground below, taking 6d6 fall damage.


##### V5 - Secret room
This dust filled room has been untouched since the time of the dwarves. Green copper urns on platforms overflow with coins, gems and more.

The room contains 5 copper urns (worth 25gp each).
Urn 1 contains 5 multicolored gemstones worth 100gp each.
Urn 2 contains a ring of warmth mixed in with 10 normal golden rings (worth 25gp each)
Urn 3 is filled with 250gp
Urn 4 holds 33 blue quartz gemstones (worth 10gp each)
Urn 5 holds a 9 inch tall statue of a dwarven priest (of moradin) with amethyst eyes (worth 300gp)

##### V6 - Hammer and Anvil
Entering the room the 4 sides of the walls can be seen depicted with carvings of a dwarven smith at work. 
An iron anvil sits atop a raised stone block in the middle of the floor, surrounded in cobwebs.

Anyone who checks the walls notices that the hammer being wielded in the southern wall can be taken from the wall. The side of the hammer that was inserted into the wall has some engraved text on it, reading: "Let hearts be lifted and battles won!"

If anyone clears the cobwebs of the anvil an inscription can be read on it as well, reading: "Let the hammer fall and the anvil ring".

If anyone uses the hammer on the anvil everyone that is close enough to hear the anvil ring get 10 temp hp.

##### V7 - Dumathoin's secret
4 suits of rusted plate armor without helmets stand in the corners of this 20 foot high room. Each suit is draped in cobwebs.
In the far wall, some text is inscripted in the wall, reading: "A secret never before told will part Dumathoins lips."

If anyone speaks a truthful secret that no-one knows of (either in character or in person), a circular staircase appears close to the backwall of the room, going down 120 feet to V9.
 
##### V8 - Ol' Fire Eyes
A 10 foot tall painted statue of an armored male dwarf wielding a battleaxe and wearing a mask stands at the back of this 20 foot high room.
Before the statue, set into the floor, is an adamantine trapdoor with a pull ring along one side.

A succesful religion check reveals that the statue is a depiction of Gorm Gulthyn, the dwarven god of vigilance also known as Fire Eyes. 
The statue melts seamlessly into the floor and does not seem to take any damage.
A detect magic spell reveals an aura of evocation magic on the statue.

The trapdoor is false and cant be lifted. Anyone who pulls on the trapdoor or it's pull ring must succeed on a DC17 dex saving throw or be struck by rays of magical fire that spring from the statues eyes, dealing 4d8 fire damage.


##### V9 - Main vault
The set of 120 feet tall stairs found in V7 lead downwards to this vault.

Upon arriving down in the vault the players see a brightly lit vault filled with gold.

Read the following:

	Altough deep underground, this vault is lit by streams of sunlight that pour down from the ceiling, catching motes of dust in their luminous pools. Ornate columns support a 30-foot high ceiling, which is adorned with carvings of dwarves basking in the presence of their gods. Deep alcoves align the walls, and each of them is piled with vast amounts of gold and items.
	Out of the dusty gloom steps an aged dwarf clutching a staff carved and painted to resemble a pair of entwined dragons - one red, one gold. Despite the dwarfs age, his eyes are steady and bright. "I wasn't expecting anyone" he says plainly. "As you can see, the place is a mess. Perhaps you should come back later, after I've tidied up a bit."

The dwarf, who calls himself Barok Clanghammer, is really the adult gold dragon Aurinax in disguise. He guards the vault for lord neverember.

He rubs his eyes, as if he was just waking up and perks up noticing who actually stands before him. 

	Oh my... You're not lord neverember... What brings you here?

RP it out

	I am this vaults appointed guardian, appointed by Lord Neverember to protect the contents of this vault from the evil that lurks outside of it.

Maybe a bit of RP

	I also serve as this places librarian so to speak, altough it doesnt look like it, there is order in this chaos, at least to me. 

	As promised to my Lord, and a promise that I'll need to uphold, is that I guard the contents and knowlegde of this vault in trial by combat. Beat me, and I'll grant you access to what you see around you and the knowlegde pertaining to it. I'll allow you to get into position, we'll count down our combat from there. Please no foul play, we're respectable here.

When everyone is in position and the countdown had ended, Aurinax claims a first action where he'll transform into his dragon form in glowing bright light. 

COMBATTTTT

```statblock
monster: Adult Gold Dragon
```


### After combat
[[3. The contents of the vault]] 
