The players leave the vault, taking the same route back as the one they entered through. As they follow the original path back up the long staircases the doors open and close behind them again, with Aurinax saying Bex to open them and Azaam to close them. 

The party navigates back upward when as the last hidden door opens in front of them, a scared yelp can be heard from behind. A bit to the side, near the intersection at the bottom of the original stairs, [[Renaer Neverember]], [[Brok]] and Sindri are standing with eachother.

They walk up to the party, Renear saying

	Oh my god am I glad to see you guys! Brok and Sindri told me everything, we fled down here because they're outside. 



Renaer went to the bar because he wanted to talk to you guys about the vault. When Brok and sindri explained that you were already gone they decided to follow behind. They saw you enter the catacomb and wanted to wait outside, where it's a bit less grim. They noticed a small platoon of guardsman escorting a carriage coming their way so they decided to hide down here. Shortly after they heard some screaming from outside and since then some occasional yelling.

Aurinax walks up to Renaer, shedding a small tear.

	Renaer, is that you? You've grown up so much since I last saw you. And Brok and Sindri, what a happy suprise!

Renear responds:

	Barok is that you? I thought I would've never seen you again. What were you doing down there?

	I was guarding the vault for your father

Que reveal about dragon-ness


Some RP about the situation


	Renear me and these guys have some business to attend to down here, Brok and Sindri will keep you safe. I'll come get you guys when you can leave.


