### Outcomes
When the battle is over a couple of outcomes are possible

#### A "villain" wins
One of the villains wins, they give their shady deals and the dead are barely mourned. The outcome of the story is them winning and gaining power and control over waterdeep and the larger sword coast. 


#### The party wins
Standing in the bloodied battlefield, corpses of nobles, officials and xanthar guild members lay. Together with Xanthar and Laeral Silverhand. You hear a voice coming from far away, yelling:

	STOP RIGHT THERE IN THE NAME OF WATERDEEP

You see a guard captain with a few guards running towards the party, it's captain [[Staget]].

As he arrives he is aggravated and in shock, perturbed, by the sheer amounts of corpses scattered on the ground. 

Aurinax is nowhere to be seen

	YOU ARE UNDER ARREST FOR THE MURDER OF THE OPEN LORD OF WATERDEEP


The players are surrounded by guards holding them at arrowpoint.

MAYBE A BIT OF RP

From behind you hear Renaer's voice shouting at the guards 

	Staget! Let them go! They did the right thing! They killed Xanathar! The mayor was corrupt! They wanted all the funds for themselves!

Renaer runs up to staget and starts explaining the situation to him

rp possible

After a few minutes staget yells at his guardsmen

	Stand down men! I believe Renaer and when he says he trusts these men then so do I. 
	I know you've done much for the city, so I do have some reason to believe that you did the right thing.
	However! Due to the nature of the situation this will need to be investigated for some time, I hereby request you to come with me for questioning at force gray headquarters.


Renaer and Aurinax say to the players

	Go with him, you're in the right so you'll be let go believe in that, we'll wait for you here in the vault



### Questioning
Each of you has been questioned individually, and after a week long investigation have been released. Having been proved not guilty of violence against the city and nobility, but rather been proven as heroes of waterdeep! Killing the crime boss of the largest criminal organization and ending a huge player of corruption within Waterdeeps government.

The last thing waiting are Renaer and Aurinax in the vault

[[7. Deciding on the vault]] 