As the party leave the vault small slivers of sunlight pierce through the snow dropping clouds. Waterdeep has entered a new era, of safety, security and calmness.


I have though of epilogues per character, but players can choose their own fate if they want to. 


The Xanathar guild will have a new leader if no-one fills the role
The tavern will be taken over by the current employees if no-one wants to keep it


### Epilogue dialogue
With the lack of a central government figure a new lord had to be decided in waterdeep. With some push of [[Staget]] [[Renaer Neverember]] ultimately got the position, representing the same values as his late father, wanting to protect waterdeep and make it prosperous. He appointed captain staget as chief of guards around the city, trusting him to uphold law. Brok and sindri got positions as his left- and right hand men, assisting wherever possible. 

The Xanathar guild will have a new leader if no-one fills the role

##### Bolt
This left a position as captain of a subsection of force gray, the one staget let. Seeing the dedication BOLT had to the force, and wanting to uphold law. He assigned bolt to the position. Whilst citizens we're anxious about bolt at first, he quickly grew on people as criminals became scared of Bolts way of upholding justice, extreme violence but not death.

##### Cedric
Cedric reunited with his family who waited for him a village over. With a large amount of coin in his pocket he began rebuilding his home village. Getting it geared better for a possible next attack. Which to this day hasn't come. His small village prospered, being able to invest in better equipment for everything, making farming and hunting more bountiful. With the trusted [[Radiant Rainmaker]], no demon would ever dare come to the village again.

##### Marcellus and Mickey
Back in waterdeep marcellus and wallace had been happily reunited, catching up on old times and learning more of the ways of the monk. Mickey grew to gain an imporant role within the monestary of the monks, becoming the only expert monk of the astral self, teaching new pupils from all over the world and even different planes.

##### Siebren
Siebren used a large amount of money for his echo dimension research. Renear ended up granting echo dimension privileges to siebren, allowing him to use a decked out tower of castle waterdeep for all his research needs. Siebren ended up harnessing more of the echo dimension, and is now on the brink of merging it together with the real worlds, enabling walking between the 2 at a moments glance

##### Lucyus
Lucyus and his sisters quite liked living in waterdeep, so they took over the bar and began their long and prosperous career as business owners in waterdeep. A large amount of the funds from within the vault were able to buy multiple bars and taverns around the city. They made a franchise of bars, all named "The stolen" and then a type of gem. 


	We get a final look at the stolen gem, the tavern that housed the party for these past few months, with customers walking in and out at a fast pace. The camera starts to pan up, looking top down at the bar. The camera zooms out, increasing in speed every so much. First the tavern, then the block, then the ward, the city, the entire map, baldurs gate comes into view, neverwinter too. Until clouds slowly start enveloping the view. 
	The end....
	The camera starts zooming in again 
	And as the camera passes through the clouds, they dissapate, showing a large forested, marshy and swampy province. We zoom further in towards a small village 
	"A different story unfolds, at a different time, in the small village of Mistjig. Here 4 adventurers will meet on another adventure, investigating the caverns of hellir."